[SDK-3811] Push Automation Docs (#5852)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/push_notifications/integration.md

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}
```swift
let configuration = Braze.Configuration(apiKey: "...", endpoint: "...")
configuration.push.automation = true
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc
BRZConfiguration *configuration = [[BRZConfiguration alloc] initWithApiKey:@"..." endpoint:@"..."];
configuration.push.automation = [[BRZConfigurationPushAutomation alloc] initEnablingAllAutomations:YES];
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

This instructs the SDK to:
- Registers your application for push notification on the system.
- Requests the push notification authorization / permission at initialization.
- dynamically provide implementations for the push notification related system delegate
  methods.

{% alert note %}
The automation steps performed by the SDK are compatible with pre-existing push notification handling integrations in your codebase. The SDK only automates the processing of remote notification received from Braze. Any system handler implemented to process your own or another third party SDK remote notifications will continue to work when `automation` is enabled.
{% endalert %}

> For a more granular behavior, each automation step can be enabled or disabled individually:

Reviewer: I feel like we could put a header here to set a logical break in the setup flow:
```suggestion
### Overriding individual configurations

For more granular control, each automation step can be enabled or disabled individually:
```

>  You can upload either your development or production push certificates to the dashboard for your distribution provisioning profile apps, but you can only have one active at a time. If you wish to do repeated testing of push notifications once your app goes live in the App Store, we recommend setting up a separate workspace or app for the development version of your app.

### Enable push capabilities

In Xcode, add the Push Notifications capability using the **Signing & Capabilities** pane to the main app target.

![][24]

## Automatic push integration

> The Swift SDK provides a configuration-only approach automating the processing of remote notifications received from Braze. This approach is the simplest way to integrate push notifications and is recommended for most customers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Swift SDK provides a configuration-only approach to automate the processing of remote notifications received from Braze. This approach is the simplest way to integrate push notifications and is recommended for most customers.
```

To enable the automatic push integration, set the `automation` property of the `push` configuration to `true`:

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}
```swift
let configuration = Braze.Configuration(apiKey: "{YOUR-BRAZE-API-KEY}", endpoint: "{YOUR-BRAZE-API-ENDPOINT}")
configuration.push.automation = true
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc
BRZConfiguration *configuration = [[BRZConfiguration alloc] initWithApiKey:@"{YOUR-BRAZE-API-KEY}" endpoint:@"{YOUR-BRAZE-API-ENDPOINT}"];
configuration.push.automation = [[BRZConfigurationPushAutomation alloc] initEnablingAllAutomations:YES];
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

This instructs the SDK to:
- Register your application for push notification on the system.

> - Request the push notification authorization / permission at initialization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Request the push notification authorization/permission at initialization.
```

> - Dynamically provide implementations for the push notification related system delegate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Dynamically provide implementations for the push notification related system delegate methods.
```

>   methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

{% alert note %}
The automation steps performed by the SDK are compatible with pre-existing push notification handling integrations in your codebase. The SDK only automates the processing of remote notification received from Braze. Any system handler implemented to process your own or another third party SDK remote notifications will continue to work when `automation` is enabled.
{% endalert %}

### Overriding individual configurations

For more granular control, each automation step can be enabled or disabled individually:

{% tabs %}
{% tab swift %}

```swift
// Enable all automations and disable the automatic notification authorization request at launch.
configuration.push.automation = true
configuration.push.automation.requestAuthorizationAtLaunch = false
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab OBJECTIVE-C %}

```objc
// Enable all automations and disable the automatic notification authorization request at launch.
configuration.push.automation = [[BRZConfigurationPushAutomation alloc] initEnablingAllAutomations:YES];
configuration.push.automation.requestAuthorizationAtLaunch = NO;
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% alert warning %}

> The SDK must be initialized on the main thread to enable push notification automation. SDK initialization must happen before the application has finished launching or in your AppDelegate [`application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplicationdelegate/1622921-application) implementation.

Reviewer 2: Just checking: Are this warning - and the links about the `automation` config options - are universally applicable? If so, I can move them up, prior to ### Overriding individual configurations, since I thought initially they were only applicable to that section.

{% endalert %}

See [`Braze.Configuration.Push.Automation`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/push-swift.class/automation-swift.class) for all available options and [`automation`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/push-swift.class/automation-swift.property) for more information on the automation behavior.

You can skip the next section and continue to [deep linking](#deep-linking) if you are using the automatic push integration.

## Manual push integration

Push notifications can also be integrated manually. This section describes the steps necessary for this integration. 

{% alert note %}

> If you are relying on the manual push integration for additional behavior specific to your app, you may be able to still use the automatic push integration together with [`subscribeToUpdates(internalNotifications:_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(internalnotifications:_:)) which provides a way to be notified of remote notifications processed by Braze.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you rely on push notifications for additional behavior specific to your app, you may still be able to use automatic push integration instead of manual push notification integration. The [`subscribeToUpdates(internalNotifications:_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(internalnotifications:_:)) method provides a way to be notified of remote notifications processed by Braze.
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Deep linking

Deep linking from a push into the app is automatically handled via our standard push integration documentation. If you'd like to learn more about how to add deep links to specific locations in your app, see our [advanced use cases][10].

## Subscribing to push notifications updates

> To access the push notification payloads processed by Braze, you can use the [`Braze.Notifications.subscribeToUpdates(internalNotifications:_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(internalnotifications:_:)/) method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access the push notification payloads processed by Braze, use the [`Braze.Notifications.subscribeToUpdates(internalNotifications:_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(internalnotifications:_:)/) method.
```
